Updated Using token exchange chapter #1495 (#1562)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: securing_apps/topics/token-exchange/token-exchange.adoc

.Target Client Exchange Permission Setup
image:{project_images}/exchange-target-client-permission-setup.png[Target Client Exchange Permission Setup]

ifeval::[{project_community}==true]

> . Define a policy for this permission by clicking the *Authorization* link

Reviewer: I don't see the Authorization link on this screen.

Author: The old image exchange-target-client-permission-setup.png  with the *Authorization* link is under rhsso-images. I updated the procedure as per our discussion.

endif::[]
ifeval::[{project_product}==true]

> . Define a policy for this permission by clicking the *Client details* link

Reviewer: I don't see the Client details link on this screen.
The original step was 
. Click the *Authorization* link and go to the *Policies* tab to create a client policy.

Can you verify this is how it works for the old console?

Author: The new image exchange-target-client-permission-setup.png with 'Client details' link is under keycloak-images. I updated the procedure as per our discussion.

.Target Client Exchange Permission Setup
image:{project_images}/exchange-target-client-permission-setup.png[Target Client Exchange Permission Setup]

ifeval::[{project_community}==true]
. Click *Authorization* in the breadcrumbs at the top of the screen.
. Define a policy for this permission.
endif::[]
ifeval::[{project_product}==true]
. Click *Client details* in the breadcrumbs at the top of the screen.
. Define a policy for this permission.
endif::[]

. Click the *Policies* tab.

ifeval::[{project_community}==true]
. Create a *Client* Policy.
endif::[]
ifeval::[{project_product}==true]
. Create a *Client* Policy by clicking *Create policy* button.
endif::[]
+
ifeval::[{project_community}==true]
.Client Policy Creation
image:{project_images}/exchange-target-client-policy.png[]
endif::[]
ifeval::[{project_product}==true]
.Select Policy Type

> image:{project_images}/exchange-target-client-policy-type-selection.png[Client Policy Type Selection]

Reviewer: I think this is out of place and may not be needed.

image:{project_images}/exchange-target-client-permission-setup.png[Target Client Exchange Permission Setup]

ifeval::[{project_community}==true]

> . Click *Authorization* in the breadcrumbs at the top of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Client details* in the breadcrumbs at the top of the screen.
```

. Define a policy for this permission.
endif::[]
ifeval::[{project_product}==true]

> . Click *Client details* in the breadcrumbs at the top of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Authorization* in the breadcrumbs at the top of the screen.
```

> . Toggle *Permissions Enabled* to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Toggle *Permissions Enabled* to *On*.
```

.Identity Provider Permission
image:{project_images}/exchange-users-permission-set.png[]
+

> 

Reviewer: Can you remove "In the Admin Console" from line 461.

.Users Impersonation Permission Setup
image:{project_images}/exchange-users-permission-setup.png[Users Impersonation Permission Setup]

ifeval::[{project_community}==true]

> . Click *Authorization* in the breadcrumbs at the top of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Client details* in the breadcrumbs at the top of the screen.
```

. Define a policy for this permission.
endif::[]
ifeval::[{project_product}==true]

> . Click *Client details* in the breadcrumbs at the top of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Authorization* in the breadcrumbs at the top of the screen.
```

. Define a policy for this permission.
endif::[]

. Go to the *Policies* tab and create a client policy.
+
ifeval::[{project_community}==true]
.Client Policy Creation
image:{project_images}/exchange-users-client-policy.png[Client Policy Creation]
endif::[]
ifeval::[{project_product}==true]
.Select Policy Type

> image:{project_images}/exchange-users-client-policy-selection.png[Client Policy Type Selection]

Reviewer: I think this is out of place and may not be needed.
